alright folks welcome back to the source
code it's been a few days since I
released the video however I have been
keeping tabs on what's been going on in
the gaming community making several
attempts to keep up with current events
watching many reviews of several
different gamers on backbreaker and I
had several messages in my inbox once i
checked it actually over 20 and over a
hundred and eighty-three comments that
unfortunately due to time i'm unable to
read and actually respond to comments so
if you have a question for me do not
write in the comment section send me a
private message of which i make more of
an effort to respond to now this video
in particular is very important so i
decided to make this video beforehand
before i released any backbreaker videos
of the full release version this video
will be purely commentary it will
contain no demonstrations whatsoever
those will all follow from this video so
let's get to it I really like this game
back breaker I've enjoyed the gameplay
trailers I've enjoyed the demo and I
really enjoy the full game version I
have not fully experience this game one
hundred percent in fact I don't think
anyone has because it hasn't been out
that long but because i enjoy
backbreaker today that does not mean
that i will enjoy backbreaker tomorrow I
would like to simply request that from
this point on that while you view my
videos that you come fully equipped with
logic and rationality extremely exceeded
a third graders comprehension because my
videos are not always simplistic they
are not the most complex but in most
cases then not you have to search for
the deeper meaning be completely able to
fully accept someone else's hypothesis
or theories ideas concerns and opinions
no offense to anyone but if you cannot
understand what I'm saying for example a
person's ideas concerns and opinions can
always be subjected to change fats
remain the same but a person's ideas
concerns and opinions can always change
without being called the fanboy a liar
or a hypocrite for example any typical
guy can drink Pepsi 45 continue
years all while playing me how great the
taste is how much better it is than coke
lemonade or sprite and after those five
long years a guy can wake up and
completely change his mind and all of a
sudden he doesn't like Pepsi anymore now
he likes kool-aid and all of a sudden
for the next ten years he completely
supports kool-aid and how great the
taste is this example does not make the
guy a liar it does not make the guy a
fanboy and it absolutely does not make
the guy a hypocrite ideas concerns about
issues feelings and personal tastes can
always change no one can tell the person
that they're right or wrong for feeling
a certain way no one can tell a person
that their personal interests of their
personal taste is incorrect what would
make the guy a hypocrite or a liar is if
he strongly told people how much he
loves pepsi and simultaneously this is
the keyword simultaneously two weeks
later not two months later or even two
years later but instantly turned around
proclaim how much he really despised
pepsi no offense to anyone but if you
cannot comprehend exactly what I'm
saying then maybe my channel is not for
you some people just logically don't
understand and again if that's the case
no offense to anyone but maybe my
channel is not free in this video is to
prevent many arguments many
misapprehensions and mini illogical
discussions that I just do not wish to
endure so in conclusion I do love that
breaker so far but there are issues and
concerns that i do have with this game
that i am going to release and just
because just because i like backbreaker
today that does not mean that I
have to make it to mommy